Packaging our finished visual it's relatively simple.
We have to quit this pbiviz start process and thereafter once you quit this process, in your project
folder still, you can run pbiviz package. Now
this will now build it all, bundle it up and give you a package which you can distribute and which you
can use in Power BI Desktop.
Now let's have a look at this package.
You can find it in the dist folder, here this pbiviz file
and now if I open up my desktop version of Power BI, I can go to file, import Power BI custom visual
and there, I can now import it from this folder,
so from the dist folder bar chart pbiviz. It was imported and now it has this default
icon here, that is where you could change this icon.png file in the assets folder to get
your own
icon. If I click this now and I now add sales as a value and region as a legend,
we see the same we created before now running in the desktop version
our packaged and finished visual. And of course feel free to continue working on this and fine tune it
to your needs.